Issue 47 add description of `vault_secret`in the README section input (#51)
hannemariavister/terraform-nomad-nifiregistry: README.md

| resource | Resource allocations for cpu and memory | obj(number, number)| { <br> cpu = 500, <br> memory = 1024 <br> } | no |
| resource_proxy | Resource allocations for proxy | obj(number, number)| { <br> cpu = 200, <br> memory = 128 <br> } | no |
| use\_canary | Uses canary deployment for nifi | bool | false | no |

> | vault_secret.use_vault_provider | Set if want to access secrets from Vault | bool | true | no |
> | vault_secret.vault_kv_policy_name | Vault policy name to read secrets | string | "kv-secret" | no |
> | vault_secret.vault_kv_path | Path to the secret key in Vault | string | "secret/data/minio" | no |
> | vault_secret.vault_kv_field_access_key | Secret key name in Vault kv path | string | "access_key" | no |
> | vault_secret.vault_kv_field_secret_key | Secret key name in Vault kv path | string | "secret_key" | no |

Reviewer: Typo, I suggest:
```suggestion
| vault_secret.vault_kv_policy_name | Vault policy name to read secrets | string | "kv-secret" | no |
| vault_secret.vault_kv_path | Path to the secret key in Vault | string | "secret/github" | no |
| vault_secret.vault_kv_field_user | Secret key name in Vault kv path | string | "git_access_user" | no |
| vault_secret.vault_kv_field_password | Secret key name in Vault kv path | string | "git_access_password" | no |
```
